As an enrolled student on the full course, you're going to get access to a huge bundle that we've compiled
just for you.
Now let me show you what this bundle includes. You're going to get access to a whole bunch of icons which
you'll be able to use within your app.
You're also getting a load of gradients which can be used as app backgrounds as well as HD photos and
faces for avatars.
There's also a load of Photoshop files for buttons and controls as well as a whole bunch of app mockups
in Sketch and in Photoshop.
And finally, we've included app icon builders for iOS and Android.
So you'll be able to easily create your app icons and export them in all the right sizes.
Now collectively this huge bundle of image assets is worth over 5000 dollars but we're gonna give it
to you for free as a part of this course to make life easy for you when you're creating your own apps.
Now on top of this massive bundle of image assets were also giving you access to a highly rated 12 rules
to learn to code book that consolidated some of our best tips for how you should go about approaching
learning to code.
So once you're ready if you head over to your course content you'll be have to download all of these
files.